Feature/webhooks-applications (#2336)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/additional-content/your-integrations/webhooks.en.md

>
> For the event type `point_integration_wh` the notification format changes. [Click here](/developers/en/docs/mp-point/introduction) to consult the documentation of **Mercado Pago Point**.
> <br/>

> > In the case of the `delivery`, `topic_claims_integration_wh` and `card updater` events, we will also have some different attributes in the response. Check the table below for these features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In the case of the `delivery`, `topic_claims_integration_wh` and `card updater` events, we will also have some different attributes in the response. Check the table below to see these features.
```
